SOURCE: https://www.reddit.com/r/gatech/comments/134ek02/what_prof_has_the_lowest_ratemyprofessor_rating/

TITLE: What prof has the lowest RateMyProfessor rating at this school?

POST: title. I see thad has 50+ 1's on his page lol. He's gotta be up there in worst rated prof's. Any prof's beating 50 1's?

--- COMMENTS ---

gtcs123: It's so funny that all 50 1's come from the last 3 months

ibelaxin (ME & CS - 2020): What did he do? I enjoyed his devices class a lot when I took it

AttemptSadness: Brought an "intro" graduate class that graduates were struggling with to CS3600.

RaisinBranFlavored (ChBE - 2023): he decided to bring rigor to cs 3600

Protart: I think Zhiwu Lin is the worst https://www.ratemyprofessors.com/professor/1238183

SolarBlackhole (CS - 2025): I've taken him in the Fall 22 semester. Worst professor in existence. Reads materials directly off slides and insults students who ask questions during lectures and office hours. He expects students to 100% understand the material the first time. 0/5 never again.

Gocountgrainsofsand (CS - 2024): Language barrier is a valid complaint and I hate when people say it's not. We are at an English speaking school and if a professor cannot speak fluent English with an understandable accent, they should not be allowed to teach. I pay to learn in fluent English not broken English. Never taken Lin but have had some professors and a lot of TAs with terrible accents.

Conscious_Anything_3: What does "understandable accent" mean? What's understandable to you might not be to others. Some of the best professors I've had at tech were international with thick accents and Idt the burden should be on them to fundamentally change the way they speak if they're still speaking English.

MechaSteve: "Understandable accent" means that the question of 'is understandable?' is not subjective, or at least is understandable to a vast majority of the intended audience. I had professors who had an objectively strange accent, but were relatively easy to understand, at least once you had learned a pronunciation look up table. ('Avva': alpha, 'yamah': gamma, 'waidient': gradient). Other professors had objectively less of an accent, but were more difficult to understand due to style, cadence, inconsistency, and patience for repeating themselves.

M0ngoose_: The burden actually should be on them to teach in an understandable way because that is their job

Conscious_Anything_3: Again, I think understandable is subjective. I don't really understand what you're expecting these extremely qualified international professors to do. Are they supposed to force themselves to sound more American or decline any such jobs because not being American doesn't make them qualified. I understand that not understanding someone can be frustrating but being patient and putting in genuine effort can go a long way.
